What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you call git init, an invisable folder called .git will be created.
	This file holds all the information needed for git to run.
	It will keep track of things like commits, where the HEAD is, and keep old versions
	 of your files.
	You need to call git init to start using git. Without it you'd just have a folder with 
	 your files.
	To be able to use version control you need git to create and manage all the logic behind it.
	
How is the staging area differnt from the working directory and the repository? What value do you
 think it offers?

	The staging area is a temporary 'in between' area.
	The working directory contains all the current files.
	The repository contains the commits of different versions.
	The staging area allows the user to manipulate what files get added to the repository.
	Using the staging area, you can add or potentionally remove files to add to the repository one
	 by one.
	Once you are done you can commit them to the repository.
	By not automatically adding every new file to a repository on commit, you get the ability to 
	 exclude certain files. For example, large media files or other unwanted files.
	By working with a staging area you can determine what files get commited in a more convenient
	 way.
	If you'd have to add every single file in a commit command then you'd get insanely long
	 terminal commands.
	 
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	You can use the staging area to firstly put in any changes that are a part of the logical
	 change you want to commit.
	You can then call git diff to compare your working directory and your staging area.
	Doing this allows you to see what changes you have made that you are attempting to commit.
	If there are any files that you still want to include in the commit, you can do so.
	Likewise if you find that you are adding files that shouldn't be in this logical commit,
	 then you have the opportunity to remove them from the staging area.
	Finally you can call git diff --staged to check your staging area against your most recent
	 commit.
	This way you can make sure you are actually commiting the changes that you had in mind.
	
What are some situations where branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?

	Branches can be used to separate different aspects of a program so you can work on each of
	 them separately.
	Likewise you can also use this to more easily allow multiple people working on different parts
	 of the program.
	Some example situations would be adding an experimental feature, refactoring parts of the code,
	 adding a different language or experimenting with ways to speed up the program.
	By working on a different branch you can make any of these changes without affecting the main
	 branch.
	Doing this keeps the main branch 'clean' until whatever feature or bug you were working on is
	 done. Then it can be merged back into the main branch.
	If whatever you were doing didn't work out in the end, you can just discard the branch and
	 just continue with the main branch.
	 
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	They give you a visual idea of the structure of the repository.
	What commits are part of which branch.
	How the different branches are layed out.
	Where the master is.
	Which commits are visable on which parts of the repository.
	Which commits might be floating and not part of any branch and therefore might be lost.
	
What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	The result is we make a new commit that combines all the changes from both branches.
	This means all the lines that were added or deleted by both branches will be merged into one.
	Since you effectively are left with a combination of both branches, it makes sense to
	 annotate it as being the child of both nodes.
	 
What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	It would be very tedious to have to manually merge every single difference.
	That said, merging manually gives you more control. You are less likely to add or delete 
	 code that wasn't intended or that might introduce unwanted bugs.
	Luckily Git takes somewhat of a middle ground by merging mostly all of the changes that are
	 separate to each other. Any changes that might conflict with each other will result in a 
	 merging conflict that the user manually has to resolve.